Updates to vim section (#1227)
scalameta/metals: docs/editors/vim.md

## Installing Vim

The coc.nvim plugin requires either **Vim >= 8.1** or **Neovim >= 0.3.1**. Make
sure you have the correct version installed. While it works with both Vim and Neovim, the

> experience is a bit smoother with Neovim.

Author: I originally wasn't going to mention anything about a preference for Neovim, but after spending some time with the new Vim 8.2, I feel pretty confident in saying that Neovim is a smoother experience. It's snappier with larger codebases for one, but another thing leading me to say this is that code actions seem sort of unusable at the moment with Vim 8.2 and coc.nvim (see https://github.com/neoclide/coc.nvim/issues/1404)

> experience is a bit smoother with Neovim.

Reviewer: I'm fine with recommending neovim over vim. How about?
```suggestion
While it works with both Vim and Neovim, we recommend using Neovim since it provides the most feature-complete experience with Metals.
```

We might want to list what features are currently working more smoothly in neovim. You never know, maybe somebody will take on the heroic task of improving the situation for vim.

Author: The only thing I don't like about this change is that technically it doesn't provide a more _feature-complete_ experience, since they both allow for the same features. However, in Neovim, they seem to just work smoother without any hangs. Some of it is purely performance related.

Author: I'll massage this a bit though.

### Installing coc-metals

Once you have `coc.nvim` installed, you can then install Metals a few different ways. The easiest is
by running:

```vim
:CocInstall coc-metals
```

If you'd like to use the latest changes on master, you can also use the url of the repo in the
command like so:

```vim
:CocInstall https://github.com/ckipp01/coc-metals
```
If you'd like to use the latest changes on master, but would prefer managing the plugin using a plugin

> manager to download the extension, make sure you run `:CocUninstall coc-metals` if you've had

Reviewer: >  make sure you run `:CocUninstall coc-metals`

This is a bit hidden inside the paragraph. It might be good to extract it into a code fence like this
````
```
:CocUninstall coc-metals
```
````

![Run Doctor Command](https://i.imgur.com/QaqhxF7.png)

This command opens an embedded doctor in your preview window. If you're not familiar with
having multiple windows, you can use `<C-w> + w` to jump into it.

> ![Embedded Doctor](https://i.imgur.com/McaAFv5.png)

Reviewer: 😻

This command is helpful when navigating in library dependency sources in the .metals/readonly directory.

## Shut down the language server

The Metals server is shutdown when you exit vim as usual.

```vim
:wq
```

## Statusline integration

`coc.nvim` has multiple ways to integrate with various statusline plugins. You can find instructions
for each of them located [here](https://github.com/neoclide/coc.nvim/wiki/Statusline-integration).
Two noteworthy things that they add are the ability to see diagnostic information in the current

> buffer...

Reviewer: What do the triple dots mean?
```suggestion
buffer.
```

Reviewer: Aha, it seems to be to imply the sentence continues. I generally try to avoid letting sentences go over images since it's difficult to read the sentence that way

Author: Sounds good. I'll change this around to not have these.

![Diagnostic statusline](https://i.imgur.com/7uNYTYl.png)

... and also progress information for longer standing processes.

![Progress item](https://i.imgur.com/AAWZ4o4.png)

If you don't use a statusline integration, but would still like to see this information, the easiest
way is to add the following to your `.vimrc`.

```vim
set statusline^=%{coc#status()}
```
The `coc#status()` function will display both status and diagnostic information. However, if you are
using an integration like I am in the photos that display your diagnostic information in the far
right, but you'd like to see the status information in the middle, you can make a small function to
just grab that information, and use it in your statusline. Here is an example for lightline to
display only the status information in the middle of the statusline (`section_c`).

```vim
function! CocExtensionStatus() abort
  return get(g:, 'coc_status', '')
endfunction
let g:airline_section_c = '%f%{CocExtensionStatus()}'
```
## Formatting on save

> If you'd like to have `:w` format using Metals + Scalafmt, then make sure you have the following in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add the following configuration to `:CocConfig` if you'd like to have `:w` format using Metals and Scalafmt
```
